To use the automatic Phone Invoice Record Making Program:
(Program and Instructions By Elder Kearsley)

0. After starting this program, don't touch EXCEL! AT ALL! Or else you might break it.
If it complains and doesn't want to start, then make sure that Excel is not running at all (check the process list in the Task Manager), close this program, and try again.

1. Click the "browse" button and select the phone directory sheet for the first part of the month (i.e., the directory that was current for the transfer when the month started).
2. Use the drop-down box to select the day of the transfer, or none if there wasn't a transfer this month.
3. If there was a transfer, click the next "browse" button and select the phone directory for the second part of the month.
4. Click the next "browse" button and select the invoice file for the month.
5. If you feel like it, type in a name for the output file in the "Save Graphs As" box.
6. Click "Process Invoice" and go do something else for a while.
7. If a scary-looking error message pops up, don't freak out! Check to see if the output file has already been generated, and see how much stuff is in it.
If everything's already there, then just ignore the silly error message. If it's not, *then* you can freak out.
--Use the "browse" button to select the directory
file for the part of the month before transfers,
or, if there was no transfer, for the whole month.
--Use the "browse" button to select the directory
file for the part of the month after transfers.
--Use the "browse" button to select the invoice
file for the current report.
--Select the date that transfers happened during
this reporting month, or "None" if there was no transfer.
--Check this box to get more control options.
--Use the "browse" button to select a report configuration
file made with the "Phone Record Settings" program.
This is optional- if left blank, default settings will be used.

Report settings include color coding different call types,
hiding or ignoring certain call types, and setting allowed
call times and lengths.
--To create a report for only a single phone, type the final
digits (at least 4) of the phone number here. If this field
is not left blank, the report will *only* be generated for
the first matching number, and the rest of the invoice will
be ignored.
--A line number may be entered here to tell the program to
skip the first part of the invoice up to that line, and
continue from there. This is useful for saving time if you
know the position of a particular section for a "Search for
Number" report, or if you need to start over in the middle
because you screwed something up the first time around and
don't want to re-do everything that was already completed.
--Use these boxes to restrict the time period of the report.
For example, President might want a report for the activity
of one phone during 1 week- it's really useful to be able to
generate a report just for that, rather than deleting extra
stuff by hand afterwards.